added to element and material creation, as well as material modificat… (#21)
GregTechCEu/gtceu-modern-docs: docs/Modpacks/Materials-and-Elements/02-Element-Creation.md

## Element Creation

Elements are the base of GT materials. Registering an element WILL NOT add any items.
To make a new element(NOTE: you can add only elements that are NOT present on the periodic table),

> write an 'event.create()` call in the registry function like in the example bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
write an `event.create()` call in the registry function like in the example below.
```
